OSDOCS#9736: Agent 4.15 feature RNs (#71931)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/ocp-4-15-release-notes.adoc

//For more information, see < insert link to Deploying OpenStack with rootVolume and etcd on local disk when docs merge>.

[id="ocp-4-15-agent-vsphere-credentials"]
==== Configure vSphere integration with the Agent-based Installer

You can now configure your cluster to use vSphere while creating the `install-config.yaml` file for an Agent-based Installation.
For more information, see xref:../installing/installing_with_agent_based_installer/installation-config-parameters-agent.adoc#installation-configuration-parameters-additional-vsphere_installation-config-parameters-agent[Additional VMware vSphere configuration parameters].

[id="ocp-4-15-agent-baremetal-configuration"]

> ==== Additional bare metal configurations on Day 1 with the Agent-based Installer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
==== Additional bare metal configurations during Agent-based installation
```
simplified to avoid "day 1" language

> You can now make additional configurations for the bare metal platform while creating the `install-config.yaml` file for an Agent-based Installation.

Reviewer: This change LGTM.

> These new options include host configuration, network configuration, and baseboard management controller (BMC) details.

Reviewer 2: Quick question: are `host configuration, network configuration, and BMC` all fields in a configuration? If so, I _think_ these would need backticks.

Author: Good question! I meant these terms in a general sense and not to refer to specific fields. And I checked the parameters themselves just now. There is a field for `hosts` and `bmc`, but nothing specifically for network.

 Since I mean these terms in a general sense and not to refer to any specific fields, can I keep it this way?

Reviewer 2: I _think_ it is ok as is. Referring to them as `fields` in the following sentence makes it seem like you are referring to specific fields if that makes sense? Again, no need to change.

> These fields are not used during the initial provisioning of the cluster, but they eliminate the need to set the fields as a Day 2 operation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These fields are not used during the initial provisioning of the cluster, but they eliminate the need to set the fields after installation.
```
